Oh
alright we're driving around wedge
sported a beautiful day lots of snow
little known thing about which borders
this little known is that they like to
wave with one finger I'll show you an
example hi hey so now we're going to
test drive this theory with the next
peridot drive by and you'll probably see
look at this truck if you come to truck
he looks like a wedge for it let me get
my finger ready okay it's ready to line
up to just get yeah my finger oh I don't
know if we go at that time in los altos
min do we do yeah you know I've been
coming here for five years no one is
bowing and you know my fingers start to
get cramped so we're gonna I think we're
going to make some kind of device that's
gonna leave on its own there well let's
see if we can get that finger at least
up before I know it does hurt the finger
good you know do this
ten times or how many characters in
which work is it funny about ten cars
anyway other things I took notice around
here is the way they wear their hat you
know what they set them on top you know
whoa does that one finger wave no we
missed it yeah penis in any way they
would I get just like that yeah totally
pinch the beak like a duck or something
like that okay so now we know that's
wind resistance when you're on a
four-wheeler oh but now I know so here
let's give this guy's a finger I mean
great oh I don't think I don't think it
works
yeah okay like here's one is why this
one's gonna work i'm gonna zoom into his
faith no share a finger in their nose
alrighty but anyway the story we're
getting at after doing this all day
you develop a little cramp in your
finger so try this okay now I'll show
you hopefully do finger let me go okay
so good with you all you have to do is
put a piece of this as a rock to hear oh
no not that finger put Peter glove there
here we come and you weaker the wheel
ready just let it out show me that wheel
Widodo just so you can see where i work
this week that so we can it a little bit
your wave I think the song here in
westport they know what you mean they
don't feel like you've done anything
wrong here we go alright so this works
we're gonna the next video you're going
to see prosthetic razon here and oh here
comes all right let's try to resume
right in so you could see the figure oh
I think I see its home stuck his finger
you might have seen it I mean I think
stands out like a statue and the Rockies
or whatever
alright Oh
I think they made that boy huh
alrighty here we go I'm as well give you
a touristic you know here's the big news
I Sammy shelter right good it's a nice
Church Catholic not a priests word there
your cup of chopped all right here's my
story starts up all right here though
okay
okay so far we're 0 for done even with
our prosthetic finger there
it's lunchtime sure there's nothing up
hanging out of there you can see that
now
all right hey I'm ready to roll you're
stroking it like you loved it there yeah
alright so here we go
Aereo just a shout out with a couple
Carla we had their chicken today best
chicken around get there early they set
out pretty quick here we go here we go
finger time no disease our theory is
that he came over slowing down this guy
with you oh that's a girl and check out
the new trouble Carla side by the way
it's actually a picture car I'm here a
parent asian all right here we go so yo
oh we got it oh my god a video looking
like the back there you go well lose our
TV I was it will work this is almost
like another let's try okay last time
Oh
youjizz we almost had 242 where we had a
video where nothing happened this time
we got the finger so I think we're going
to sign it out and where the stars
episode number 2 by the way we might
change your name originally we were
called big storm in Nova Scotia but you
can't chase storms all the time so now
we're chasing fingers already go nig
finger known as go get a finger and over
yeah I feel good name meet you know you
can only do one or two videos then it
would get kind of bored so thank you for
tuning in and stay tuned for our next
exciting episode where we will swing
County yeah we could do it dig me we
could show up in your neighborhood even
even public oh but that have a good one
take it easy don't sleep too much don't
know but don't stay away too much and
keep it loose or whatever it worked
you
Oh